Syswg needs to have an update (the system Wireguard manager in case you want root access for uwgsocks-ui)
- First I want that it supports loading the ACLs from the config file yaml just like uwgsocks has. Currently it only supports
inserting ACLs from API
- Then I want the ability to 'forward' ports from this machine to Wireguard (since Wireguard tunnel is usually behind NAT).
  Use the same config format as in uwgsocks
  What you do is both a PREROUTING (as in iptables, but now in nftables) that routes connections to LOCAL (so IPs assigned to this machine, not local subnets),
  just like how docker port exposing works, to in the tunnel. And a REDIRECT in nat so that if I connect to loopback:port that it gets forwarded to the wireguard,
  just like how Docker achieves this
- Add reverse forwarding. In this case its simply a 'DNAT' from Wireguard to the Wireguard tunnel IP (so match from Wireguard interface, to LOCAL (this machine) IP) on a specific port
  forward to other port. Source nat masquerade is kept
- Ensure there is no source nat masquerade for traffic leaving the wg interface
- I want to implement proxy protocol as well. If you encounter proxy protocol 
  you need a small TCP forwarder since we need to insert/remove proxy protocol.

  Since transperant binding on Wireguard tunnel is pretty difficult to do using kernel APIs unlike it was in userspace Wireguard,
  I don't mind to not support that option for now. 
  So specifically this case not to support: This means that proxy protocol does not make sense for forward, i.e a proxy client giving a source IP. send packet to your local listener and then you transperantly binding
  on wireguard. 

  So this means proxy protocol is only for reverse forwards, so you add the source IP in a header and then forward the connection to a local application.
  You bind for the specific port on the Wireguard tunnel interface, record source IP, and relay the UDP/TCP stream using proxy protocol to a target application.
  For UDP use idle timer of 30 seconds to decide if reply packets are accepted/forwarded.

  Transperant binding of reverse forward also not supported.

Please check if the config format of syswg matches that what ugwsocks uses (only its a subset now)
For the kernel wireguard we only support the regular UDP transport mode.